# Option 1
## Protect the Engineers

*"FLAGGED: INFRASTRUCTURE WEAK! LABORERS/SECURITY REQUIRED, CC ALL RESPONSES TO CHIEF ENGINEER CASTOR FIELDING"*

Evergreen's main landing bowl, located 2.48 kilometers southeast of the colony, is out of commission. Flooding from the annual spring rains has opened up sinkholes under the pad an the installation of drainage pumps and futher updates is impossible without addressing repairs first. **CHIEF ENGINEER FIELDING** has expressed concerns, backed by **BRAVA HADURA**, that the engineer team could come under attack from the raiders during their duties. As such, a military escort is required until the team reaches the bowl. Past that point, automated defenses will pull their weight.

Mission success will allow for the landing bowl to be fully operational by mid to late summer. This will allow the colony to receive fresh supplies, which will be of vital importance if the situation on Hercynia worsens. If the pilots do not attempt this operation, the militia will have to handle any attacks on their own, with a high chance of operation failure.

# Option 2
## Trapdoor Spider

Evergreen is currently being harrassed by a sniper firing from the east. **MILITIA TEAM S-5** reported at 0713 hrs today a trail in the forest north of **RIVER LANDMARK** that was absent during the previous patrol. As teams have regularly gone missing when venturing into unsurveyed territory, S-5 disengaged and signaled for reinforcement and further instruction. Evidence further suggests that the target is accompanied by both ground and lightcav units, required the fielding of heavycav in this engagement.

Mission success resulting in the sniper's death or retreat will allow Evergreen time to breathe. Cilivian and militia movement will return to normal, allowing for jobs to be completed on time and the militia to respond to immediate threats quickly and efficiently. Furthermore, Evergreen's rate of expansion will increase and civilian morale will greatly improve. If the pilots do not attempt this mission, S-5 will retreat due to a lack of supplies and manpower. 