He is meticulous in all of his tasks. He is proud of his past service as a drop trooper and as an orbitally-inserted mech pilot, but is dismissive of some details, referring to them as "water under the bridge." He is a bit old fashioned in his habits and mannerisms. He is a complete luddite when it comes to modern printing technology and computers and will go try and find someone who knows how to use them and ask them to input things into the computer. He is distrustful of NHPs due to their cascading nature. He has a negative view towards ThirdCom due to their apparent passivity. He likes law enforcement for their order-enforcing nature. He is currently more bitter after recently being honorably discharged. He is straightforward and short-tempered in his approach to most problems. He dislikes the cold. He is frequently cold. He is slightly uncomfortable with the concept of downtime. He is restless in civilian accommodation, not unpacking his bags or making much use of the accommodations afforded to him. He is laser-focused in a crisis situation. He tugs on his shirt collar when he’s nervous.
He likes the color turquoise, the taste of ginger, and the sound of space trucker country music.
He is of average build and stature. His black hair is slightly more sparse than average and appears to be going grey early, but is in the early stages of doing so. His eyes are hazel. His skin pale almost to the point of anemia. His clothing is kept in pristine and wrinkle-free condition, always with long sleeves and a tall, straight collar. He has no facial hair.

- He swears by the use of his old CollarCom.
- He rolls up his clothes.
- He always openly wears his sidearm when outside his accommodations except when prohibited to do so. His rifle is mounted in his mech and is to be used after ejecting in the event he must bail out of his vehicle.
- He strongly refuses jobs in the Harena system. Threatened to quit the last time he was asked.
